wWw.BuGGeRs.Tk
»  ජය වේවා!  «
Hey you rat! You push me!
Don't you know my crime history?
You will not cross your limits here!
l am sorry. Sir.
Jailer. this slap will cost you dear.
lt's you. my daughter?
- How are you?
l am fine. l had been thinking
about you since morning.
That's a lie!
Why didn't you call me. then?
Well dear...
No more explanations over the phone.
The rest of the case will take place in person.
which will be today.
What kind ofjoke is this?
You are in Bombay and...
l am here and you can
reach me in five minutes..
Really?!
l shall be there in a jiffy.
l am glad to see you here.
But how did you plan this visit suddenly?
One has to make time to visit
someone dear to you.
See how l made time for you in spite
of being a magazine's editor.
How?
Yours is the oldest prison in lndia.
l told my boss that
l want to write an article...
...about prisons during the British era
and their present conditions.
He gave me the permission.
- You are very shrewd.
So. when will you take me
around your prison?
Won't you talk to your daddy first?
l will.
- Then. today's your day with me.
Visit the jail tomorrow.
Mr. Sharma where do we begin?
- From that barrack.
What is that?
- The kitchen.
Then let us start from there.
- All right.
Do you give such good for prisoners?
- Yes dear.
We give 250 grams rice and 500 grams of Lentil daily.
And 100 grams of meat every Tuesday.
We give the inmates food thrice a day.
They cook the food.
She is the jailor's daughter.
- What!
What is this furnace for?
- To prepare pancakes.
There are two...
Leave me!
No!
By drawing the line to protect her.
you cannot stop me.
You had so much fire in your eyes
when you were hitting yesterday.
Vishal. l read your file yesterday.
l cannot believe. you are a murderer.
You must have taken the blame
under some pressure.
l have killed. not one.
but four people and l have no regrets.
l am very content.
But what compelled you to commit
such a grave crime?
What will you do knowing my story.
l am a journalist.
l'll reach your story to the public...
You want to sell my story
and earn a name.
No. Vishal. lt isn't so.
- l do not want to revive my past.
Why are you compelling me?
l have managed to forget everything
with great difficulty.
l want to know everything only as a friend.
Maybe. you don't feel anything.
But l have formed a bond of friendship.
Oan't l even share the sorrow
of the one who saved my chastity?
l will not pressurize you to tell me
if you do not wish to.
l'm going to Bombay today.
Listen...
Till today.
l never revealed my past before anyone.
Maybe. l never met anyone.
before whom l could show my wounds.
But you...!
My life used to be colortul.
High hopes. And great dreams.
''You wear no flowers or
a necklace of pearls''
''You have not adorned yourself
yet you look so beautiful''
''Love fills my heart
love fills my body''
''Love fills my life
you are my loved one''
''The beauty of your
youth adore as you.
''Your youth is your asset''
''You are the freshness of the flowers''
''You are so simple''
''The wind carries the fragrance
of you when you walk''
''The sitar begins to play
when you speak''
''Your body is like gold
your smile. like pearl''
''Your lips are so intoxicating
you are the flame of beauty''
''Your face is like an idol
which l see every time''
Sorry. brother-in-law.
you had to wait.
What are you wearing to college?
lsn't it nice. sister?
l bought it yesterday.
ls this a dress
or a swimming costume?
As you grow older.
your dresses are becoming that much shorter.
You've started lecturing me again!
...make her understand.
Be quiet!
This decent man is going to be beaten.
torn between two women!
lt's getting late.
This is Tony...Tony.
he is my brother-in-law.
We're late for class. Let's go
- Okay.
You are always late.
- Yes. l am.
But you look stunning today. Rita.
Rita is giving me sleepless nights.
She is a bomb!
But she does not even let us touch her.
Our wishes will be fulfilled if
she comes for my birthday bash tomorrow.
l'll arrange that.
- How?
We will fire by keeping
the gun on Tony's shoulder!
You know them.
Tony. you have added life
to the party by bringing Rita.
But remember your promise.
- lt's a man's word.
Here is your stuff.
Go inside.
Do not add too much.
or she will lose her senses.
This is the only way to get her.
- Or she won't let us touch her.
Really? Then add some more.
- Sure.
l do not drink alcohol.
- lt is not alcohol.
Where is Tony?
- ln the bathroom. Shall we dance?
No !
For God's sake. leave me!
What happened with Rita
at the party last night?
Those people...
- Who were they?
They drugged Rita.
What are their names?
One last question to the witness.
Whom amongst these four decent men
raped Rita first?
The witness has no sufficient answers
for any of my questions.
My Lord. do not misunderstand
the silence of my witness.
As per the post-mortem.
Rita had sex.
You were present at the place of action...
then why have you not
answered the defense lawyer?
Weren't you present there?
l was in the other room.
Were you taking drugs in the other room?
What are you saying. lawyer?
The rape took place in Tony's presence.
Please sit.
Let me do my work.
You are a drug addict.
As per the report.
Rita too had drugs.
l am speaking the truth. ain't l?
ls it true that
you took Rita to the party?
ls it also true that
the both of you wanted to marry?
ls it also true that you raped her?
- Yes... No ! No!
Whatever happened to Rita.
happened with both their consent.
To increase their fire of lust.
they took drugs.
Rita's death was due to drugs.
and not because of rape.
This is a lie!
He is making the case weak to save them!
My sister was a decent girl.
Be quiet.Sit down.
l do not want to be responsible for the death...
of these innocent people
by proving a lie to be the truth.
Tell us your verdict.
The Oourt has reached a verdict....
that the charges made on these four boys...
for the rape of Rita Sinha is false and baseless.
The court acquits these four boys.
And sentences Tony to 3 months
imprisonment...
for presenting a false case.
Ooming. Vishal.
Why are you here?
- To give you justice.
We are not happy with
the court's verdict.
The court has not done a wise
thing by acquitting us.
Now will be the real fun.
Do not move further!
Stop! l say. do not move!
Or l will kill you.
We won't move.
- Do not move ahead!
We won't.
- Stop!
For God's sake. stop.
What happened? Who did this?
Rita's killers.
Punish...
But you were incredible. Khanna.
You turned the case
despite being a Public Prosecutor.
And proved the witness
as the culprit.
That is why. l quote my price.
Bearing in mind. the culprit pleading
guilty and the witnesses' testimony
the court sentences
Vishal Agnihotri...
for the murder of Bobby Singh.
Romi Ghrewal...
Sweety Bhagwat and Jaggi Ohopra...
to life imprisonment as
per the lndian Penal Oode 302.
You have been inflicted
with injustice.
You were compelled to do
what you did..
There was no other way out.
More injustice is being inflicted
by keeping you behind bars.
What is left for me in the
outside world now?
There is no aim left in life now.
Time is the greatest healer.
Even if you wish. you cannot keep
away from this world.
l shall bring your unfair story
before the world.
l shall strive hard
to have you released.
What are you publishing daily. Roma?
How can a murderer sentenced to
life imprisonment be innocent?
Our paper is being maligned
because of you.
Mr Jindal won't spare me.
But l'll put the onus on you.
You face the music!
Mr Siddiqui...
it is Sir's phone.
Ask him to call in the evening!
lt is Mr Jindal's phone.
Roma is in front of me. l was
scolding her for the article...
You have given permission to Roma?
The public response is good?
And the paper is selling
like hot cakes?
l will tell Roma. Right away.
Mr Jindal has congratulated
you and me.
He has fixed your appointment with
the Oommissioner for today.
Why are you glorifying a murderer
like Vishal Agnihotri?
Write about me instead.
The court sentenced Vishal and
he has been punished too.
Oan l have the file. Sir?
Mr Jindal personally called.
so l will have to give you the file.
But you will have to
meet Amar Saxena for that.
He has the criminal
records of Zone 3.
Where can l meet
Amar Saxena?
He is always busy on duty.
But you can get his whereabouts
And where will l find
constable Kashinath Sahu?
Haven't you ever seen a girl?
Hey. fat so!
Order for a cold drink.
l shall show anything
that you want to see. later. Go.
Go!
- l will.
What do you want?
Who are you?
l think. you do not know me.
lf you did. then wouldn't you
offer me a chair to sit?
Good people of Gol Ohowky serve me.
Hey! l don't care who serve you!
Understand?
Why are you getting angry?
l am a woman.
lf l lose my head. then
it will prove you dear.
Soft drink?
- l do not drink!
Please!
Look! l have a bag full.
l used to buy things from
Heerakutty before.
But the goods were bad.
The customers would shout at me.
And Ohampa Rani can change men.
not customers.
Soft drink?
- All right. if you say so.
Do you want goods worth this much?
- Yes.
When l start a new deal. l pay
Rs.100 more as a good omen.
All right. give.
l am taking this only as a sample.
lf the customers approve. then
l will buy these. worth the sky.
Do you know how much l mean?
lt's 10.000.000.
So. your name is Ohampa Rani?
- People there serve her.
ls this a sample
My God!
Which one fell?
l am trapped.
l'm not at fault. That smart officer
of mine told me to come here.
l'm on duty. l won't lie.
A mere Policeman trying to
deceive lrtan!
Do not move!
A policeman too has dignity.
Hey fatso! Don't you have
a sister at home?
l am your sister...
l mean. your brother.
lrtan. you are like my son.
Will you kill your father?
Here comes your godfather!
lrtan. sit in the jeep
with your stooges.
See that? He comes to arrest me.
lnspector Amar Saxena has come.
Terrific!
l am sorry. you had to wait
for a while.
Did you give her tea?
- Around 5-6 cups.
She has been here since 6 hours.
- l'm sorry. you had to wait.
She is here for Mr.Amar.
- You should have said so.
Waiting for you.
She is Roma Singh. sub editor of
'Samadhan'. She's here to meet you.
l liked your style.
Pardon?
l liked seeing the tan uniform
on responsible shoulders for once.
What can l do for you?
A lot... if you have the intention.
l need Vishal Agnihotri's file.
The Oommissioner has sent me.
The girl is dialing the number
And sir is not answering the phone.
l don't let go even a wrong number!
Sir won't get involved with her.
He is very straight.
- Stand straight.
Will l get the file?
- Why?
What interest does that
case hold you?
l am studying it. l want to get
Vishal Agnihotri released.
Are journalists short of other work?
- What?
What will you get by looking
at a murderer's file?
l have got it.
Well. l met you.
All right. l will find it for you.
Here is Rs.100 thousand which they
had used. Oount them.
Oounting them will mean
doubting lrtan's honesty.
Sir. it involves these people
and money. l will count it.
l will count as l am free.
Any way. l am good at counting.
Shut up! What was the
need for this charade?
You should have been
working in a theater.
l intend to do just that
after retiring.
lf such acts continue. the public
will put a theater board outside!
Well said. sir!
Sometimes on the basis of suspicion.
the police do find some thing.
Do something about the inspector.
Don't worry about him.
He has just got his uniform.
A new bride constantly looks
at her nose ring in the mirror!
Well said. sir!
So. can l take them?
- By all means.
Shall l give the car?
- No.
l shall drop them.
...come on. Mr. lrtan.
You need not oblige.
Give my regards to your boss.
- Yes. l'll ask him to call you.
Bravo. Sir!
The hand that should arrest criminals
is shaking hands with them instead!
l am right. sir. The leniency of
the law abets such people's courage.
The one you are releasing... he
sells death!
Did you hear?
- All of you go.
Be calm. Amar.
Forget about the balls and convey
my regards to your boss.
Our business requires the
eyesight of a hawk.
Whose carelessness was
responsible for this?
How did the police reach here?
Who was at the gate?
l was. l overlooked
because it was a woman.
l am sorry. l couldn't see through her.
Forgive me. sir.
ln our business. one does not
get forgiveness for errors..
but death.
Yes. mother?
You have been awaited since 2 hours.
l went to conduct a raid.
l remember your father when
l see your dedication.
l've heard that you are talked about
a lot in the department.
You wanted this. right?
- Yes.
Are you happy?
But l do have a complaint.
- What?
You don't tell me everything
- What have l hidden?
About us.
- You!
l mean. what are you doing here?
- Don't act smart.
Roma has told me everything.
- What has she said?
l haven't told her everything.
- Mother. l met herjust today.
Liar!
- What?
His father too was a strict
police officer.
But he used to be
speechless with me.
Mother. it's not what you think it is.
Why are you scared? Roma is
as an educated and good girl.
The problem is. that she
is more educated than l am.
All right. l shall leave.
l came to thank you for
Vishal Agnihotri's file.
And to tell you. that l have
found the prime witness. Tony.
Due to Mr. Jindal's efforts. there
will be the police. the judiciary...
and the ministers as jury members
at the special conference today.
A decision will have to be made
today about Vishal's case.
lt's time to go.
Mr. Jindal has not yet come.
- He will come there directly.
But why hasn't Mr. Jindal who is
so punctual. not yet come?
He is a newspaper man. They add fuel
to the fire...
and come to watch the smoke later.
To add fuel to fire is the job
of the politicians and the police.
Keep me out of it.
Please come.
- Are you blind?
Are you blind?
- No.
Then why are you holding my hand?
l don't need help to find my seat.
Start the proceedings. Oall Tony.
Oome. Tony.
Tell them. whether those boys
had raped Rita or not.
lt is true. sir. Those four boys
drugged her at the party...
And they raped her.
They had deceptively given me too
an overdose of drugs.
l was helpless. sir. l could not do
a thing to rescue her.
Then why didn't you testify so?
They had threatened to kill me.
l was scared. sir.
Therefore. l kept mum in the
count. l was scared. sir.
Enough. Tony.
Wait outside.
What proof do you have that
Tony speaks the truth now?
How can you value the words of one
who is not in his senses?
l have the answer to your question.
Here is the Public Prosecutor.
Mr Khanna's statement...
and his criminal record.
Mr Khanna was the Defendant
of those four rapists.
He had turned the case by
accepting a bribe.
Mr Khanna is in jail since one year.
There are many such charges
against him.
You will read in this. how
the protectors of the law...
had named a price and
acquitted the criminals.
There was no justice
given in the court.
The rape of that girl
was being mocked at.
Oommissioner. do read it....the
testimony of a pimp of the law.
Why do you always make the sword of
Damocles hang over my head?
Release Vishal if you wish.
We are handling 36.000 criminals
in the city.
One more won't make a difference.
We will admit one more sepoy!
You are wrong. Vishal is not
a professional criminal.
He too will live a new life as
a layman does.
But who will guarantee that he will
live like a dignified man?
A man's biggest guarantee
is his conscience.
When a policeman is given his uniform
who guarantees his honesty?
One sacrifices his life for duty.
the other becomes a pimp of the law.
Are you accusing me?
- No.
You are one of those
martyrs. aren't you?
The testimony of the
Public Prosecutor proves...
that Tony is speaking the truth.
Mr Khanna has put the law to
shame with his crime.
lt has been proved. that the 4 boys
were guilty and criminals.
Due to lack of substantial evidences.
the court had to acquit them.
But this matter is different from
the one involving Vishal's case.
lt is not a different matter.
Honorable Judge!
The cause for Vishal's crime stems
Vishal's helplessness to kill rose
lf his sentence
is life imprisonment...
then every person involved with
this case should be punished..
because they have murdered
justice!
l agree with Mr. Jindal.
l think Vishal should be given a
chance to live like a normal citizen.
Vishal should be released
- He's not been justified.
After considering the case presented
by Mr Jindal and Mr. Roma....
l reach a verdict. that the
circumstances which compelled...
Vishal to kill. was created by the
loopholes of the law.
lt's essential that we see this case
And as you wish. l will send my
report to the Law Ministry.
l am sure. the orders for Vishal's
release will come soon.
Anything special in the papers?
Roma. when did you come?
You are so lost. that you were not
even aware. l had come.
l am reading about you.
Every paper carries
Mr Jindal and your name.
You had a murderer released!
Very good! Oongratulations!
You aren't congratulating me
Really?
- Yes.
How can you speak so confidently
about how l feel?
l am your friend.
Eyes are the mirror of one's feelings.
One only requires
the vision to read it.
Read anything?
lt will be better if l fulfill
my duty as a policeman.
All right. l will assign a
policeman's duty to you.
A girl is going to commit suicide...
by jumping from the fourth floor
of a building under construction.
lf you reach at dot 8 tonight.
then. maybe. her life will be saved
''Raindrops fall''
''Raindrops started a fire''
''When my heart was set on fire
it was you. l thought of you''
''When l thought of you
my wet body was set aflame''
''Now you tell me. my love
what am l to do?
''You name
l had on my lips''
''An excuse l had made
to bring you here''
''Showers came pouring down
What am l to do?''
''Standing on the shore
l got drowned in the sea''
''Like a lightning
you struck my heart''
''The wind blows so crazily
What am l to do?
''Raindrops fall''
''Raindrops started a fire''
''When my heart was set on fire
it was you. l thought of you''
''When l thought of you
insanity engulfed me''
''My senses are beyond my control
what am l to do?
Your release is an unprecedented
decision for the law. Vishal.
l am confident. that you will live
a life like a normal citizen.
Sir. Roma freed me from here.
But where will l search for my life
in the outside world?
You may go.
- Yes. sir.
Your release is the talk of
the town today.
lt was talked about even
in the Assembly yesterday.
Anyway. l am immensely happy to
see you in front of me today.
l mean. by feeling your presence.
Oongratulations on your release.
l fail to understand. that why
all of you did this for me.
l am not related to you.
nor do you know me.
No. you shouldn't think that way.
We share a special relationship.
lt was born. the day Roma presented
your case before me...
A 24 year old man who is engrossed
in dreaming life's colortul dreams...
His wife. her sister. his home...
are suddenly separated from him.
And he is imprisoned for the murder
of four people.
l too have been inflicted
with the same wound. Vishal.
The wound suddenly became raw after
hearing about you.
l too have lost a
wife. dearer than life to me.
l lost my eyes too.
Pooja was a very noble lady.
A social worker who fought
against drugs.
The hoodlums did not spare her...
ln front of my eyes...
she breathed her last on my lap.
Why did this happen?
A smiling Pooja got imprisoned
within a frame hung on the wall?
But those people are yet alive!
The business of selling drugs
is flourishing.
Nobody has the guts to raise
their voice against them.
Neither the police. nor the law.
nor the politicians.
Everybody is just watching the
damnation taking place.
How long will this continue. Vishal?
Won't a hand somewhere. raise to
hold the torch of a revolution?
l want to give this
torch to you.
What?
- Yes. Vishal.
You will to have to take this
torch in your hand.
Because my heart says
that this is the hand.
But. Mr. Jindal.....
- Do not misunderstand me.
You must understand that...
what l want you to do is not about
seeking revenge for my wife's death.
But l cannot murder anyone now.
l was compelled to do
whatever l had done.
You murdered those four boys.
But where did you punish the ones.
more guilty than those boys?
The boys committed a heinous
crime in a drugged state.
But who was responsible for
them getting drugged?
They are the real culprits.
As long as these devils are alive.
this game will go on in this city.
l have seen this city and its
citizens from close quarters.
You have done me
a favor. Mr. Jindal.
But l cannot repay you by
doing what you are asking me to.
lt is not my fault but yours.
You should have decided before.
''Make her understand.
brother-in-law''
''Be quiet.
l think. this decent man will be
killed. torn between 2 women.
''Support your sister-in-law.
You will regret it some day''
Rita's death was due to drugs.
lt was those 4 boys.
Punish them.
''You killed those four boys''
''But where did you punish the ones.
more guilty than those boys?''
''The business of selling drugs
is flourishing ''
''Nobody has the guts
to raise their voice against them.''
''As long as those devils are alive.
this game will go on.''
''Won't a hand somewhere. raise to
hold the torch of a revolution?''
This is the hand.
Jibran and Tyson...
They are the root cause of the crime
taking place in the city.
They deal in drugs.
They used to work together but
there is friction between them now.
You will have to find your success
by taking advantage of this friction.
You will have to wipe them and their
business from the face of the earth.
You will find their photographs and
information about them in this file.
l do not find it essential to guide
you about how to get the job done.
lf you need anything
for this mission...
like money. ammunitions. then
you will get it all from Desai.
Vishal. henceforth. we will
not meet here.
Desai will tell you about
our new rendezvous.
Do not worry. l will certainly
accomplish this mission.
l am sure. you will.
May God help you.
And yes. Vishal!
The most important thing.
You will not find a photograph on
the last page of the file.
He is the one you will
have to kill last.
He knows everything but
is pretending to be ignorant.
He has given refuge to criminals
like Jibran and Tyson.
Orime is flourishing under him.
Sitting in the highest position
of the Police force...
he is infesting
the society with crime.
He is the Police Oommissioner.
Kamdev Kulkarni.
The police is not doing anything
to control the drug problem?
What do you mean by it?
These bloody youngsters find their
life in drugs.
What can the police do
about that?
lf the goat goes to the butcher
on its own. then who can save it?
Well said. Sir!
Sir. we want to shrug off our
responsibility by thinking so.
The poison flowing in the blood of
the youngsters...
could be disastrous for
our country's future.
Such a speech sounds good only on
a politician speaking on the dais.
Why should we be concerned about
the country's future?
l spent half my life reaching
this position.
And if l spend the remaining half
by being concerned...
about remand. warrant.
then l will be left with nothing.
You are absolutely correct. Sir.
My father used to sell oil.
He sold oil and made me literate.
as well as got me a certificate.
Yet. l could not get a job. l offered
a bribe and got employed here.
l have made a plan which will have
every drug peddler behind bars.
But that has always been
your endeavor.
This time. there will be an operation
which l want to do secretly.
l will have to put on a charade
to remove the mask from some faces.
Happy birthday. Mr. Jibran.
- Thank you very much. Mr. Patel.
Welcome. Tyson!
Didn't l surprise you by coming here?
This heart was compelling me to wish
a friend. since morning.
But my head was saying otherwise.
What to do?... dirty mind!
By coming for such an auspicious
day. you have proved...
that there is still
friendship apparent in our enmity.
Look. what l have got for you.
Oall the bomb squad.
Maybe. Tyson is presenting me with
death instead of a gift.
For killing a thick skinned man like
you. one doesn't need a bomb...
but a sex bomb!
Our big brother is generous. He
always shares everything.
So. will you open the gift here
or alone in the room?
Enough of Tyson's fooling.
Let's get down to business
inside... come on.
We are old friends. we used
to do business together in our youth.
We had no roots of enmity.
But your manipulative nature has
certainly created a distance.
You started it first. Jibran.
By taking away my goods
worth millions.
You too took my goods
worth 20 million at Mauritius.
lf you act smart with me.
this will happen.
This animosity can end if we
distribute our area.
You are right. or we will keep
fighting like dogs..
and it will work to the
advantage of a third person.
This dirty mind had given the
solution before.
All right. l accept your solution.
The west is yours.
l'll take care of the East.
Where will my place be. darling?
Flora darling. a girl's place is
in a man's heart.
Enjoy the party
l'll be there soon.
l am Jibran speaking.
Send your man.
The deal will take place there.
My business is entirely handled
by my nephew. lrtan.
Next Saturday night at nine
in Queen's night club.
Jibran is going to make
a big deal.
lf we can catch him red handed....
then. at least one chapter in
the world of crime will be closed.
But the problem is. how to
enter his private night club.
No! Do not look at me that way!
You will send me as a
guinea pig there.
And when l'm near the jaws of
death. you'll make a heroic entry!
Due to your heroism. someday.
l will be killed. No way!
l have made a wondertul plan to
enter the club.
Oongrats. sir! She has made a plan
to have us killed!
You always think negatively.
He too will join us.
Meaning?
- You won't understand. Kashi.
''You are a wondertul babe!''
''You are a wondertul babe''
''You are devoid of your senses''
''You are devoid of your senses
for you have the zeal of youth''
''lt is no fault of yours''
''For you are intoxicated every moment''
''Lover is your name''
''To steal and give a heart
is yourjob''
''Do not hold my arms
For you are a man. so maligned''
''Tell me. O love''
''What is so special about me?''
''You are a thread
made of silk''
''Lovers strut behind you
when you walk''
''Your thick tresses. sweetheart.
are like the dark clouds above''
''This heart of mine
is drowned in the depth of your eyes''
''Become my loved one''
''Do not pierce me with. your eyes''
''Do not pierce me with your eyes
for it will hurt me all over''
''Do not think. it is easy. my dear
This love is very tough''
Do not move. or l shall shoot you!
He is dead. boss.
He has had a heart failure.
What are you doing here?
What does a man do in the bus?
lt is not my habit to
do anything illegal.
l have a ticket.
Anyway. my stop is here.
l am telling you. brother. that
this is lnspector Amar's doing.
He has killed my son!
- Do not worry.
lrtan's Killer will
soon be unveiled.
l found a very useful pawn from
the police force.
Salutations. Sir!
l am very thrilled that you
remembered me.
l did not feel so happy
even l got a job in the police force.
l've taken a great risk by coming
to you... l'm a policeman after all.
Tell me the truth about lrtan's death
and l shall make you more happy.
l am not greedy.
To surtace the truth is a policeman's
duty. l won't lie to you.
l shall tell you about lrtan's death
exactly as l saw it.
Sir. don't mind. but l'll charge
Rs.100 per second for this case.
Okay?.. Hey Shortie. is your
watch working?
Give me the watch... is it stolen?
How can your man steal?
lt was the atmosphere of a
night club at eleven O'clock.
People were dancing.
l saw it too. What happened
after the lights went off?
Oh yes! You had seen it.
l wanted to make money.
lrtan ran outside
after seeing the corpse.
By the time. we reached lrtan.
he had reached above!
We only found lrtan's Oorpse.
lf we had found his killer. wouldn't
we have shot him?.. lt is 40 seconds.
Only Rs.4000
Give him 10.000.
- 10.000!
He has to help us a lot
in the future.
So lnspector Amar didn't kill lrtan?
- No.
Then. who can kill my son?
There is only one man in the city.
who would dare to attack me!
''Tyson. the biggest drug dealer
in the city.''
''His younger brother. Jackson''.
''Flora. Tyson's mistress.''
''And this is Marcos.
Tyson's right hand.
''He does all the killings in the
city. He is very dangerous''.
Oome and make your stars shine
for Rs.2
Sir. the shoes are worn out.
- What?
My shoes are worn out.
pursuing Marcos.
He runs from one hotel to another
to escape the police.
He has come.
Marcos is the most loyal and
special man of Tyson.
lf we catch Marcos with the goods.
then apprehending Tyson will be easy.
What happened?
l'll be back soon.
- Hurry up!
Why is he going back?
- He must've got a call from above!
Who are you?
- Death!
Short cut!
Wait. Vishal.
There is a corpse out and l am
looking out for the murderer.
l can't help you.
What are you doing here?
Why? ls there a curtew imposed here?
That's not an answer.
l had some important work.
- What was it?
lt is a personal matter
- What is that personal matter?
Leave my way!
You are unnecessarily harassing me.
You'll always find me confronting you
on the path that you tread.
My profession is to harass criminals
to speak the truth!
You are unnecessarily getting
involved with me. lnspector!
Who is getting entangled with you?
He says. that l have just
killed somebody.
Vishal was with me since the
last two hours.
Mr Jindal. he has kept you also
in the dark.
Who will keep a blind
in darkness?
Your suspicion on Vishal is baseless.
He is a very decent man.
He cannot bear decency. Mr Jindal.
A criminal is not born from
a mother's womb.
Your law and your police force
give birth to him!
l am that pawn of the police.
whom you cannot checkmate!
Remember. the dark dungeon
in the prison awaits you!
The goods must safely reach the
boat by midnight.
Be careful. There are police
check posts at night.
Yes. sir.
Your time has come. Jibran!
You kill our man!
What is all this?
Why are you here?
l am here to settle
scores for Marcos' death.
Do not blow on flames
that are deep down. Jackson!
Or l will have to destroy
an old friendship!
You display a facade of friendship
and attack us behind our backs!
lllusion has made your mind hollow!
We have to dig their graves. here.
brother... kill them!
Stop!
l think. you have come to commit
suicide today. Tyson.
l am leaving you alive!
lf you deceive us again...
then l will not speak.
My AK-47 will speak!
Brother. why did you
let them go alive?
lt is wise to control
your anger now.
lf Tyson dares to confront me
the next time...
then l shall send his men
and him to hell!
By adding fuel to the fire of
enmity between Jibran and Tyson...
you have found a very nice
plan to kill both of them.
They will keep fighting and you
can easily target them.
But beware of the Police. Vishal.
especially of lnspector Amar Saxena.
He suspects you.
You're needlessly pursuing
an innocent man.
You've even forgotten me!
Do you know. what is today?
- What?
You really do not know?
- No.
What's today?
Whom are you waiting for?
All your office people are here.
l think. you should cut the cake.
How can the program proceed
without doing so?
What's the matter? Are you scared
on becoming 21?
l am longing to hear the sound
of applause.
l think. you are waiting for
a special guest.
Don't make us wait any longer.
We are hungry! Am l right?
What aroma! Do not starve the hungry
any longer. We are hungry.
Oome on. Roma.
l know. you won't cut the cake
before getting your present.
Happy birthday.
Greetings. Mr Jindal.
- Greetings!
Enough of flowers and bouquets!
Now. you'll have to make her happy
with a special gift.. am l right?
Oertainly.
Friends. my daughter
has chosen her life partner.
And he is Amar Saxena.
Double celebrations!
l don't understand one thing.
- What?
The press and the police are two
bitter enemies.
The. how did they end in marriage?
Hearty congratulations!
Exchange your rings.
Let's complete the tradition of
an engagement.
''From morning till evening
''From night till morning
''Love me''
''From the city till the village
''From head to toe
Till the care of my heart''
''Love me''
''Do anything my love
But remember''
''Some things to be done
before marriage some. after''
''Why keep so many conditions
in love. O darling?''
''To do some things before marriage
some. after''
''From near to far
''Till the thirst of these lips
''Love me''
''How can love be complete like this?''
''Either openly accept
or openly refuse''
''Put your arms around my neck
and speak a few words.
''Beyond that you will have to wait''.
''From this end of the ocean
to that end of the ocean''
''From love to love''
''Love me''
l am Flora speaking...
Just a minute.
He too is coming?
Our meeting is confirmed.
Be cautious. Kashi.
There couldn't be a better chance
to catch Tyson red-handed.
There should be no slip. okay?
- There won't be. from my side.
l went to the airport
and found out that...
the Ohinese and the black
guy were not on the flight.
They must have changed their
program out of fear.
''After Marcos. Minto is Tyson's
most loyal man''.
''He supplies drugs outside all the
schools and colleges in the city''
He is Tyson's younger
brother. Mr. Jackson.
Where are the goods?
- Here.
Show me the brown sugar first..
You can see this afterwards.
Don't worry about the goods.
They are of the best quality.
We want brown sugar.
We will give you genuine goods.
lt is very genuine.
Sniffing it makes me sweaty.
lt seems very hot!
A masquerade?
Sir. why is he looking at
me this way?
The black paint on your face is wiped
out. You've trapped me again!
What nonsense!
lt is Asian Paint!
What about your beard.
you Ohinese?
Tell him that lndians and Ohinese
are brothers. or he'll bash us up.
He won't. lt's our turn.
Who are you?
Sub-lnspector Xandela alias
Kashinath Sahu.
Olose all the doors.
Do not leave them alive!
They have asked for their death
by coming here.
Thank you. You're an angel!
An angel of death.
Damn!
He's dead!
Fortunate guy.
His bier is on four wheels...
and his funeral rites
are over too!
You mean. the police
is doing its duty...
by raiding my warehouse and
killing my people unreasonably?
Amar did raid your warehouse but
he did not kill anybody.
We too are wondering who's pertorming
our duty despite not being a cop.
This game is being played
by someone else and not Tyson.
He is using both of you. By the way.
l know this man very well.
Who is he?
- l will tell you.
lf l had informed the police about
this. l would have got an award.
But l want your reward.
l must charge
Rs.1000 per second.
Peak-hour call charges are higher.
l will charge Rs.500 from you
and the remaining 500 from Tyson.
Minto ran. Our smart inspector
pursued him and l followed him.
Minto got into a moving car.
He thought. he had escaped the cops.
The car driver attacked him swiftly
and took him to the jaws of death...
The car fell 50 feet below. Our great
man jumped out; Minto died.
But... l know that great man.
Tell me his name.
Yes. Neither is he a policeman.
nor is he Tyson's man.
You are shocked. aren't you?
Even l was.
We had seen Vishal in the vicinity
during lrtan and Marcos' murder.
lt is 50 seconds up... only Rs.25.000
You'll get it.
Go to the factory
and alert everybody.
Bhinda Thakur. the Supervisor of
Jibran's drug factory.
''Jibran has opened
this textile mill...
solely to put a facade
over his illegal businesses''.
''Actually there is a
drug factory here.''
''Raw materials of the drugs are
brought here every night''.
''They are made more poisonous
and sold in the entire city''.
''lf this factory will be destroyed.
then Jibran will be ruined.''
Hey. where are you going?
Who are you?
But the supply is on.
- lt won't be any more.
We are the victims of a great
misunderstanding.
We are blaming each other
for the loss of our goods.
ln fact. a third person
is using our enmity...
to create a misunderstanding
between us.
But why does he want to ruin us?
- That's what l'm worried about.
We have to talk. Oome to my
house tomorrow.
At your house?
No. We will meet at a place which is
neither my territory nor yours.
We will meet at Boribunder quarry
at 9 a.m. tomorrow.
Yes. dirty mind?
- lt's a delicate situation.
We have to forget
our hostility and unite.
ls this a new calculative
move on your behalf?
Believe me. what l say is true.
Death lurks round the corner for us.
Vishal Agnihotri has to be...
Deception!
Kill the bastards!
Not one should survive!
Kill them!
Who are you? Why are you
seeking vengeance from me?
Well done. Vishal! l knew.
you would do this.
Oongratulations.
Your mission is nearly accomplished.
lt won't be difficult for
Vishal to kill the Oommissioner now.
Yes. Today is a very special
day for me.
My aim to clear the city is
being fulfilled.
There is a lot of bloodshed
in the city.
One more peg.
Sir. you are drinking a lot today.
When l am happy. l drink
alcohol like water.
l am happy today. that
there is someone.
There is someone who is doing
the work of our department.
He is cleaning the filth!
And this... what do you say...
well wisher of the society...
does not get entangled with the
rules of our department or the court.
He straight away shoots!
The struggle is over!
l feel. that our department. instead
of increasing the police stations....
should deploy 4-5 such
well-wishers of society.
All the cases will be solved
in no time.
Well said. sir!
Welcome. Vishal!
l feel like embracing you today.
You have done the society a great
favor by killing the Oommissioner.
You have eradicated evil.
Evil was always destroyed on the
foundation of truth.
And truth is not
what you have told me.
Therefore. l left the Oommissioner alive.
- What!
You did that in spite
of knowing everything?
l always believe in what l
hear and what l see.
l know the truth
about the Oommissioner.
He is a man defeated by the
system... decent and honest.
He is not a friend but a foe of
criminals like Tyson and Jibran.
Yet. you portrayed a false picture
before me. Why. Mr. Jindal? Tell me!
The Oommissioner is an impostor.
You are making a grave error by
believing in his charade.
Maybe. you are putting on a
charade before me.
l am making a grave error by blindly
believing your story.
A blind man cannot save his life
so swiftly. Mr. Jindal.
So. you are not blind?
You can see everything.
Yes. very well.
And you were making me dance like
a puppet all the while?
You have reached the correct
conclusion. Vishal.
By blindly believing in me. you have
indeed been deceived.
But l was not wrong
in choosing you.
Because l needed a weapon to
finish my enemies. Jibran and Tyson.
The day Roma told me about you...
l decided to make you my pawn.
The problem is that...
l want to be the world's
wealthiest and the most powertul man.
Oheat! l will put an end to
your deception.
Tie him.
Order me and l will
send him to hell!
His time is over but l still am a
little indebted to him.
He has served me lot.
So l will have to answer the
queries in his mind.
Or his soul will not be at peace.
To reach this juncture. l have
endured great difficulties.
Wonder how many risks l have taken.
l had an obsession to acquire
a lot of wealth. from before.
Stop your illegal businesses if
you want to become rich.
Become self-respectful
and hardworking.
How long will you depend on
your friend?
Why don't you work at my father's
printing press office?
l want all the materialistic comforts
l want a lot of money.
lf you want to become rich overnight.
stop smuggling watches and clothes.
You have to move with the times.
And time demands drugs.
Therefore. my dirty mind
has planned a scheme.
You can become rich overnight but
there is a lot of risks involved.
l am ready to face
the greatest risks.
Your friend. lnspector Karan.
is on duty near the state borders.
l've spoken to the party from Dubai.
They'll get their goods
at Goraibunder.
You will have to cross the
state border with it.
Karan. smugglers have started their
new business at the state border.
They are dealing in drugs.
We have to be on our guard.
l have made tight
security arrangements.
Even an ant won't be able to escape.
The problem is that there is no
fixed time of him returning home.
l had asked him to come early today.
- What is Jindal doing nowadays?
The usual running around.
He does not want to work
with my father.
l am tired of making him understand.
You are his friend. Why don't
you make him understand?
Okay. My wife and son will be
returning the-day-after tomorrow.
We will eat together and l shall
talk to him.
Mr Karan Saxena is coming.
Lift the barrier.
What's in the taxi?
- ls everything okay?
We are searching every vehicle.
- Good.
Drop the barrier.
When will l get my share. Tyson?
- l will do the deal...
in the day tomorrow.
You'll get your share at night here.
Do not worry. The share will be
equally distributed.
No way!
l have taken the risks!
l crossed the border!
Therefore. l will get half the share.
You share the rest.
The share will be divided equally now.
Between you and me.
His share will be. to go to prison.
l did not know. that l had given
refuge in my home...
not to a friend but
a criminal.
lf you were not my friend. then l
would not arrest you but shoot you.
Mr. Kulkarni?
l am Pooja speaking.
lnspector Karan has just been murdered
Please come immediately...
A woman brings about a man's
downfall and success.
But l will not give you a chance
to destroy me!
My eyes!
l cannot see a thing!
They were 4 men. l do not know
who they were.
lnspector Saxena bravely fought them.
But...!
My wife tried to call the police.
But they strangled her.
After that. l don't know what
they put in my eyes.
l have become blind. lnspector.
Oome on. Amar.
Did you see the consequence for
acting tough with us. Jindal?
Be mute about us. or else l will
make you a dead man.
''ln this way. l made an unique
plan to deceive the world...
by putting on a force of being blind''
''l always sensed danger from
Kamdev Kulkarni.
''So his death was essential''
''And now my aim was destruction
of Tyson and Jibran's goods.
''So that l could be a kingpin''
''And to accomplish this.
l made you my pawn''
Forgive me. boss. lf l err now. then
l will be at your mercy.
Jibran. by coming at the right moment
today. you've been saved.
Why. Vishal?
Did you get any advice after
listening to my story?
My advice is that. Jindal is a
very cruel and heartless person.
l can destroy anything
that hinders my success.
l did not spare my wife's life.
How can l spare you?
l will have your body
blown into pieces!
Vishal. you?
What happened?
- That...
Your head is bleeding.
Let me apply some medicine.
How did you get such a deep
wound on your head?
Roma. listen to me.
- Quiet! You're bleeding badly.
Be quiet. Vishal. Talk after l
finish dressing you.
Sorry. l am on duty.
So. l did not knock the door.
Here is your criminal record.
Now. you cannot deny that...
you are responsible for
all the murders in the city.
You love to kill.
You are a professional killer.
Be good enough to...
- The truth is not what you think.
You'll lose your head
if you hear the truth.
The cat is out of the bag!
Hear Vishal out. Amar.
- No more pretense. Roma!
You got involved with him in just
one meeting in prison.
You worked hard
to have him released.
Wonder how many times you have
your lover refuge.
You have no right to insult me!
- Yes. Your lover has all the rights!
You are abusing my love.
lf you want to display your
strength. raise your hand on a man!
A man who seeks refuge behind
a woman. is not a man!
Sir. Mr. Jibran is here to meet you.
l had asked you not to come here.
Why have you come?
l had to .... Kashi!
- Ooming.
Why is he here?
Who is he?
He is Kashinath Sahu. He is our
pawn from the police force.
He has brought useful information.
big brother?...
Big brother?...
He is your big brother?
So. the doors of the Head Office
opens from here?
Mr. Jindal. Jibran must have told
you about my reporting charges.
Today. l'll charge 5000 per second.
lt is a special bulletin.
Quick! He has no time.
lnspector Amar Saxena has put
Vishal Agnihotri behind bars.
He has no chances of escaping now.
He is tough but he will reveal
everything by morning.
Nine seconds... Rs.45.000.
Meaning. he is yet alive?
- Yes.
lf he reveals by morning.
then we will become criminals.
Yes. The time is not to
enjoy in a party.
Quickly. find a way out.
or by morning...!
By morning...
There are eight hours left
for dawn to break.
Tonight. l will find a new pawn.
By morning the tables will be turned.
He can see?
- Yes.
l have never been so shocked
in my 12 years of duty.
Your dark glasses has deceived
the entire police department!
Hats off. Mr. Jindal!
l should touch the feet of such a
man... bless me.
Why are you looking
at me that way?
You don't look the bastard
that you are.
l am not exactly like my father!
Sir. my life is in your hands.
You are influential people; you
can escape.
But do not leave me in deep waters.
Only give us information about the
police. lt will be for your good.
l understand. l will
remain as a younger brother.
The elder one.... the younger one...
and Jibran in the middle.
Do you understand what l mean?
- Stop talking nonsense!
Understand what he is saying.
- l understand. Pertectly.
l am glad. you have come for our
party. Oommissioner.
What is it. Amar? How did you get
hurt on your head?
l have arrested Vishal.
- Vishal?
l have evidence about his murders
- What are you saying?
He will plead guilty very soon.
Now. whom do you want
to plead guilty here?
l've put that murderer behind bars.
Tomorrow. l'll have all the answers.
Why he is doing it and for whom?
You are late. The party began long back.
Mr Jindal has been waiting for you.
- He has inquired about you a lot.
You are looking beautiful. Roma.
- Thank you.
Stop joking.
Where is Mr. Jindal?
He was here a while back...
there he is..
l've been waiting
for you since long.
Your absence had me worried.
lf all our editors are not present
for our paper's party....
then it seems incomplete.
This party is for you.
You should be near me...
let me introduce you to some people.
l know her. l have met her.
She is actually our sub-editor.
But in a span of few days....
she has formed a strong bond
with our paper.
So. do you hold her responsible
for your success?
lf you wish. should l publish
this in the papers tomorrow?
Where are you going?
Wait.
You won't get milk or holy water
here. And you do not like alcohol!
Hold on empty glass . Maybe. it
will get you high!
He is drinking the whole bottle!
Excuse us. We've to meet some people.
Oone on. Roma.
To extinguish the fire in your heart.
take the help of words. not alcohol.
You have hurt your head.
but the pain is in your heart.
''Wish there were two hearts''
''Even if one heart were to break''
in love''
''There would be no pain in living''
''lt is true when people say''
''ln drunken ecstasy.
sorrow pervades''
''For any illness of the heart
The pain is pleasurable''
''When the heart is on fire.
then what is the harm in drinking''
''This grief can never be forgotten
lt will always remember''
''Someone inflicted me
with so much pain''
''That will agonize me
for a long time''
''This wound inflicted in the heart
cannot be healed''
''in months or years''
l asked you to wait as l had
something important to talk.
What is it. sir?
Amazing!
l cannot see you. But l can
completely feel you.
Your sorrow.
Your smile... laughter. worries...
l can guess all your feelings.
You can see and yet you cannot
empathize with my state?
l cannot understand what
you are saying. sir.
l'll tell you.
l want to marry you. Roma.
Yes.
l had decided it long back.
So often. this matter would come to
my lips and l'd stop myself.
But maybe. the time to tell you
has come now.
How could you dream of such a
relationship with me?
l respect you. sir. And you know.
that l love Amar.
l too love you. Roma.
A thousand times more than Amar!
l have lovingly kept the matter
before you.
l wanted you to reciprocate lovingly.
lf you...
What is wrong with you. sir?
l am intoxicated.
This lovely face has made my crazy.
- How can you see...?
l want to seal these beautiful
lips with my love. now.
You can see me!
Since the last two years. this blind
man has drank your beauty.
from the eyes hidden behind
these glasses.
l cannot bear it any longer.
Do not touch me!
- Don't.
These delicate hands cannot do this.
These hands are meant to be kissed.
- No l can never be yours!
l have not put a marriage proposal
before you. l told you my decision.
Now this neck should move only in
the affirmative.
Tomorrow's headline...
- He can see. Mr. Siddiqui!
What are you doing?
Such a disgraceful
behavior with Roma!
Save me. Mr. Siddiqui.
Leave her.
Or l shall bare you in the headlines
of the papers tomorrow!
All right. l shall leave her.
But the headlines in the papers
tomorrow will be...
the murder of the editor of
the paper 'Samadhan'.
No.
You must be thinking. that l have
called you here for interrogation.
And that l will make you
plead guilty?
Unlock this handcuffs. Do it!
l am releasing you
on my responsibility.
l am very happy with your release.
Oongratulations.
You are surprised with your
release. aren't you?
Do you know. why l have released you?
Because after l retire
l'll be content that...
l did one noble deed for the police.
What are you doing. sir?
You know. he's guilty and has played
with the law. Yet you release him?
Yes. because l know what l am doing.
The court will punish him but
crime will not be eradicated.
Enough sir!
l know your true colors today.
All your life. you sold the law.
sitting on this chair.
l am right! You took undue advantage
of your position.
You have always stopped the hands
that arrests the culprits...
You've given refuge to
such criminals.
You misunderstand me. Amar.
- l understand you well!
My father sacrificed his life
for duty.
But you closed his file as you didn't
want his murderers arrested.
You are sold out!
The truth is not.
what you think it is.
There is only one culprit who has
involved all of us. And he is Jindal.
What are you saying?
- Yes. Sir. lt is Jindal.
l was doing all this for Jindal.
After he released me from prison.
be instigated me to kill.
He made me a victim
of his conspiracy.
And made me think that l was
eradicating evil from society.
He made me kill his enemies because
he wants to become the kingpin.
He also wanted me to kill you.
He has put on a charade of being
blind. only to deceive the police.
Jindal has all your answers too.
The murderer of your father. for
whom you've been searching...
is none other than. Jindal.
Did you hear the bells of death?
You recognized me.
You've come fully prepared.
But what is the use now?
Your prey has escaped.
Where will you escape? We will
find you wherever you are.
You can only talk like a fool.
You should have been a constable
instead of a Oommissioner.
You're talking a lot. Anyway. l have
prepared a noose for your neck.
You cannot do a thing. Kamdev.
l will do the needful. Once l make
my mind. then l do what l think.
l get what l like.
To make moves. in my habit.
So what if you have a pawn?
The queen is with me.
What are you doing there?
- Jindal brought me here forcefully.
He is a very dangerous man.
He murdered Mr. Siddiqui...
He will kill you too.
Do not risk your life for me.
Be brave. l won't spare him.
His time has come.
Bravo! Karan Saxena's blood
speaks just like him!
lf you were in front of me.
l would have thrashed you!
Ohild. use your brains
instead of your fists!
Do what Roma says.
l will give you a fitting reply!
Get my father-in-law when you reply.
He will get his daughter married.
won't he?
Sir. tell me where he is?
l will fix him!
He called us to give us his address!
Amar. we have to think about
Roma's life too...
Just a minute. sir.
- Yes?
Think! Jindal escaped overnight.
He called exactly when we came here.
This proves that he gets all the
information about our plans.
Amar is right. Jindal knew beforehand
that the police were coming.
lmplying. that there is a traitor
in our department.
And he is present now amongst us.
But l...
l will recognize him.
Tell me. traitor!
Didn't you inform Jindal?
You're wrong. l haven't done anything.
- Didn't you?
Take him away!
- Please believe me. sir!
Living in the land of Gandhi and being
a policeman. you commit treason!
Amar. l hope. you are not wrong.
Kranti can never do this.
Sir. l have shot in the dark.
lf it hits the bulls-eye...
then we will find the first
step to reach Jindal.
Rs.10000 per second? Quickly tell me.
what important information you have.
The police are being misled. They've
arrested Krantikumar instead of me.
Now. it is impossible
to reach Mr. Jindal.
10 Seconds... a hundred
thousand rupees.
A hundred thousand rupees!
Ghost!
lf he has committed suicide in prison.
why is his soul wandering here?
Now your soul is going to wander.
Kashi. you are trapped!
He rules the whole of Europe.
ln the international market...
everybody wants to have their
name associated with you.
Why not? He is lndia's Orime king.
Right. big brother?
Hence. l am thrilled that he has
made me his business partner.
l have meticulously selected men from
this country to supply the goods.
There are no police records on them.
Tomorrow's meeting will leave a mark
in the history of this country.
Because in future... blood will not
flow in the veins of this country.
But the poison which
we supply will flow.
This drug is going to
turn on the heat.
lt will make Roma forget
all sense of decency.
Then she'll give in to me with all
the gusto of a newly-wedded bride!
No! Please!
Friends. as was decided.....
all of you will deal in drugs
in your provinces and area.
And just wait and watch...
how l make. not millionaires.
but billionaires of you in an year.
lt is important to bear in mind
three things for our success.
Firstly. instead of being dishonest
with each other. unite!
Where are you going?
- l am Jibran's man.
l have information for Mr. Jindal.
- Search him.
Secondly. we should have
the dedication...
to reach drugs to every city. every
village and every home in the country.
Stop! Where are the car keys?
Thirdly. anyone hindering our way.
will be made to keep shut.
lf not with money. then with bullets.
So. are you ready?
- Yes. we are.
Why are you landing me in a soup?
- Oome on.
Go on.
- l am.
lt is our first and last
meeting today.
Tomorrow. l am going abroad
with my future bride.
And we will be married
the day-after-tomorrow.
Oongratulations!... in advance.
Why are you here?
- To congratulate big brother.
How did you dare to enter here
without my permission?
l will die if l speak.
l will die even l do not.
l have been brought here.
Vishal and Amar are going to
finish you.
Above!
You want to escape?
Where will you escape?
No!
You can't escape!
You cannot.
Leave me!
Run. Roma!
- Don't be foolish! Sit in the car.
Sit or l will blow
his brains apart!
Shut up!
Nobody can escape.
Stop there. lnspector! Or his body
won't be worthy of a post-mortem!
Do not worry about me. Amar!
Shoot him.
This lame horse and Queen
are with me. so do not act smart.
Drop your weapon.
Drop it!
Do not try to pursue me.
or you will regret it.
l swear by my father. that
someday l will shoot you!
You are in my captivity and yet
you behave so arrogantly!
Now. do as l say.
On your knees.
- No. Amar!
On your knees!
Now rub your nose on the ground.
- Don't degrade yourself!
Do it!
- Don't!
Well done. lnspector!
Slap yourself.
- No. Amar.
Slap. yourself!
- No.
Slap yourself.
No. a tight slap.
Harder!
- Do not worry about me!
Now you'll see a policeman's
pants fall off.
No!
Remove your pants.
- No.
This Policeman obeys!
He is removing his pants.
Very good.
Shoot him. Amar!
Shoot him!
Have courage! l will not
let you die...
You had promised me that you would
surrender to me.
You cannot cheat me!
l cheated myself.
l chose the wrong path.
You were right. friend.
l am proud of an officer like you.
l... l salute you.
No!
Good news. The government has decided
to give Amar an award for bravery.
l'm giving him a prize too.
Next month. Roma marries Amar.
Great!
Will someone show the way
to a blind man please?
Anyone to help a blind man?
Kashi. you just escaped suspension.
- Mend your ways while there's time.
Jindal seems to have had
an effect on him.
Are you going to fool people now?
- No sir! That's not my point.
Government servants in our country
are like blind mice.
We toe the government's line blindly.
So it's the government's duty...
to take care of us. l only want the
government to consider the inflation.
Give us a raise. So we won't have to
look for these pay-per-second jobs.
Why not?
You deserve a raise in pension too.
You'll be comfortable after retiring.
The first time he comes up with...
- The million-dollar question!